zoo is shut down her main generator to
find the source of the breakdown without
it
she has no direct contact with inbound
planes and clients and camp or without
power
best case scenario something that I can
fix very easily with something with
things I have here worst case scenario
is its toes
the longer I have it down my freezers
are shut down people here aren't getting
heat there's no communications I can't
run a lot of my equipment you got to
find the problem fix it
the generator is the heartbeat of the
camp to be able to have lights heat
services and your quarters hot showers
all of that magically disappears if I
don't have energy to run that kind of a
system that cuts into my profit margin
if I go on the red you know red is dead
you've got oil over here you got little
fuzzies everything will stick to it when
it sticks to that it's it's like
creating your own carpet the oil gets on
there in the back of the fan any piece
of fuzz any piece of dust any anything
is gonna get stuck and now air can no
longer pass through to cool things off
that's not good that tells me that there
might be a seal blown so I can take all
of this off this bracketry clean it
pressure wash it whatever get that
cleaned up clean everything else around
it pull away your hose bottom top
this is our problem oil leaking
somewhere gets flung through the fan
onto the back of the radiator any dust
any dirt of which there's a lot here any
other tundra cotton that's mostly what
this is gets flung onto that oil and
blocks it it can't breathe through this
what I just scraped off there's your
fins the air has to pass from here
through that to cool down the radiator
fluid which cools your engine when it's
like this there's no danger any air is
getting through to cool it so you're
sending hot antifreeze through a hot
engine it's a recipe for disaster so the
machine will shut itself off which it
was doing and only a fool keeps it
running so just have to do our best to
clean it out we're going to give it a
diesel bath and get it clean
[Music]
the cost of replacing it you know 50 to
70 thousand to buy it anywhere five 220
to ship it so you're talking about
hundred thousand dollar mistake if you
don't catch your mistake right away
where it was all crappy and creepy now
you can see all those fins now it's not
a perfect job but you don't catch the
problem it's going to catch you
[Music]
you